simple_types_constant_folding/_GLOBAL__sub_I_simple_types_constant_folding.cpp, 2, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/__cxx_global_var_init, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13record_resultdPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z9summarizePKciiii, 179, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17summarize_simplefP8_IO_FILEPKc, 107, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z11start_timerv, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z5timerv, 8, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/main, 392, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z4fillIPaaEvT_S1_T0_, 18, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIa10custom_twoIaEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIa20custom_add_constantsIaEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIa20custom_sub_constantsIaEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIa25custom_multiply_constantsIaEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIa23custom_divide_constantsIaEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIa20custom_mod_constantsIaEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIa22custom_equal_constantsIaEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIa25custom_notequal_constantsIaEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIa28custom_greaterthan_constantsIaEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIa25custom_lessthan_constantsIaEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIa33custom_greaterthanequal_constantsIaEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIa30custom_lessthanequal_constantsIaEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIa20custom_and_constantsIaEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIa19custom_or_constantsIaEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIa20custom_xor_constantsIaEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIa19custom_constant_addIaEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIa28custom_multiple_constant_addIaEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIa19custom_constant_subIaEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIa28custom_multiple_constant_subIaEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIa24custom_constant_multiplyIaEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIa33custom_multiple_constant_multiplyIaEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIa34custom_multiple_constant_multiply2IaEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIa22custom_constant_divideIaEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIa31custom_multiple_constant_divideIaEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIa32custom_multiple_constant_divide2IaEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIa30custom_multiple_constant_mixedIaEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIa19custom_constant_andIaEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIa28custom_multiple_constant_andIaEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIa18custom_constant_orIaEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIa27custom_multiple_constant_orIaEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIa19custom_constant_xorIaEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIa28custom_multiple_constant_xorIaEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z4fillIPhhEvT_S1_T0_, 18, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIh10custom_twoIhEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIh20custom_add_constantsIhEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIh20custom_sub_constantsIhEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIh25custom_multiply_constantsIhEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIh23custom_divide_constantsIhEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIh20custom_mod_constantsIhEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIh22custom_equal_constantsIhEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIh25custom_notequal_constantsIhEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIh28custom_greaterthan_constantsIhEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIh25custom_lessthan_constantsIhEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIh33custom_greaterthanequal_constantsIhEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIh30custom_lessthanequal_constantsIhEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIh20custom_and_constantsIhEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIh19custom_or_constantsIhEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIh20custom_xor_constantsIhEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIh19custom_constant_addIhEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIh28custom_multiple_constant_addIhEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIh19custom_constant_subIhEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIh28custom_multiple_constant_subIhEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIh24custom_constant_multiplyIhEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIh33custom_multiple_constant_multiplyIhEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIh34custom_multiple_constant_multiply2IhEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIh22custom_constant_divideIhEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIh31custom_multiple_constant_divideIhEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIh32custom_multiple_constant_divide2IhEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIh30custom_multiple_constant_mixedIhEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIh19custom_constant_andIhEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIh28custom_multiple_constant_andIhEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIh18custom_constant_orIhEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIh27custom_multiple_constant_orIhEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIh19custom_constant_xorIhEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIh28custom_multiple_constant_xorIhEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z4fillIPssEvT_S1_T0_, 18, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIs10custom_twoIsEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIs20custom_add_constantsIsEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIs20custom_sub_constantsIsEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIs25custom_multiply_constantsIsEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIs23custom_divide_constantsIsEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIs20custom_mod_constantsIsEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIs22custom_equal_constantsIsEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIs25custom_notequal_constantsIsEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIs28custom_greaterthan_constantsIsEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIs25custom_lessthan_constantsIsEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIs33custom_greaterthanequal_constantsIsEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIs30custom_lessthanequal_constantsIsEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIs20custom_and_constantsIsEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIs19custom_or_constantsIsEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIs20custom_xor_constantsIsEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIs19custom_constant_addIsEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIs28custom_multiple_constant_addIsEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIs19custom_constant_subIsEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIs28custom_multiple_constant_subIsEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIs24custom_constant_multiplyIsEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIs33custom_multiple_constant_multiplyIsEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIs34custom_multiple_constant_multiply2IsEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIs22custom_constant_divideIsEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIs31custom_multiple_constant_divideIsEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIs32custom_multiple_constant_divide2IsEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIs30custom_multiple_constant_mixedIsEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIs19custom_constant_andIsEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIs28custom_multiple_constant_andIsEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIs18custom_constant_orIsEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIs27custom_multiple_constant_orIsEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIs19custom_constant_xorIsEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIs28custom_multiple_constant_xorIsEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z4fillIPttEvT_S1_T0_, 18, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIt10custom_twoItEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIt20custom_add_constantsItEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIt20custom_sub_constantsItEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIt25custom_multiply_constantsItEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIt23custom_divide_constantsItEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIt20custom_mod_constantsItEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIt22custom_equal_constantsItEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIt25custom_notequal_constantsItEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIt28custom_greaterthan_constantsItEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIt25custom_lessthan_constantsItEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIt33custom_greaterthanequal_constantsItEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIt30custom_lessthanequal_constantsItEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIt20custom_and_constantsItEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIt19custom_or_constantsItEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIt20custom_xor_constantsItEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIt19custom_constant_addItEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIt28custom_multiple_constant_addItEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIt19custom_constant_subItEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIt28custom_multiple_constant_subItEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIt24custom_constant_multiplyItEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIt33custom_multiple_constant_multiplyItEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIt34custom_multiple_constant_multiply2ItEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIt22custom_constant_divideItEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIt31custom_multiple_constant_divideItEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIt32custom_multiple_constant_divide2ItEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIt30custom_multiple_constant_mixedItEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIt19custom_constant_andItEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIt28custom_multiple_constant_andItEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIt18custom_constant_orItEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIt27custom_multiple_constant_orItEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIt19custom_constant_xorItEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIt28custom_multiple_constant_xorItEEvPT_iPKc, 51, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z4fillIPiiEvT_S1_T0_, 18, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIi10custom_twoIiEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIi20custom_add_constantsIiEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIi20custom_sub_constantsIiEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIi25custom_multiply_constantsIiEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIi23custom_divide_constantsIiEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIi20custom_mod_constantsIiEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIi22custom_equal_constantsIiEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIi25custom_notequal_constantsIiEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIi28custom_greaterthan_constantsIiEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIi25custom_lessthan_constantsIiEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIi33custom_greaterthanequal_constantsIiEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIi30custom_lessthanequal_constantsIiEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIi20custom_and_constantsIiEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIi19custom_or_constantsIiEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIi20custom_xor_constantsIiEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIi19custom_constant_addIiEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIi28custom_multiple_constant_addIiEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIi19custom_constant_subIiEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIi28custom_multiple_constant_subIiEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIi24custom_constant_multiplyIiEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIi33custom_multiple_constant_multiplyIiEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIi34custom_multiple_constant_multiply2IiEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIi22custom_constant_divideIiEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIi31custom_multiple_constant_divideIiEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIi32custom_multiple_constant_divide2IiEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIi30custom_multiple_constant_mixedIiEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIi19custom_constant_andIiEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIi28custom_multiple_constant_andIiEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIi18custom_constant_orIiEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIi27custom_multiple_constant_orIiEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIi19custom_constant_xorIiEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIi28custom_multiple_constant_xorIiEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z4fillIPjjEvT_S1_T0_, 18, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIj10custom_twoIjEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIj20custom_add_constantsIjEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIj20custom_sub_constantsIjEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIj25custom_multiply_constantsIjEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIj23custom_divide_constantsIjEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIj20custom_mod_constantsIjEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIj22custom_equal_constantsIjEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIj25custom_notequal_constantsIjEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIj28custom_greaterthan_constantsIjEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIj25custom_lessthan_constantsIjEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIj33custom_greaterthanequal_constantsIjEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIj30custom_lessthanequal_constantsIjEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIj20custom_and_constantsIjEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIj19custom_or_constantsIjEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIj20custom_xor_constantsIjEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIj19custom_constant_addIjEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIj28custom_multiple_constant_addIjEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIj19custom_constant_subIjEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIj28custom_multiple_constant_subIjEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIj24custom_constant_multiplyIjEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIj33custom_multiple_constant_multiplyIjEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIj34custom_multiple_constant_multiply2IjEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIj22custom_constant_divideIjEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIj31custom_multiple_constant_divideIjEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIj32custom_multiple_constant_divide2IjEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIj30custom_multiple_constant_mixedIjEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIj19custom_constant_andIjEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIj28custom_multiple_constant_andIjEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIj18custom_constant_orIjEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIj27custom_multiple_constant_orIjEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIj19custom_constant_xorIjEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIj28custom_multiple_constant_xorIjEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z4fillIPllEvT_S1_T0_, 18, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIl10custom_twoIlEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIl20custom_add_constantsIlEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIl20custom_sub_constantsIlEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIl25custom_multiply_constantsIlEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIl23custom_divide_constantsIlEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIl20custom_mod_constantsIlEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIl22custom_equal_constantsIlEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIl25custom_notequal_constantsIlEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIl28custom_greaterthan_constantsIlEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIl25custom_lessthan_constantsIlEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIl33custom_greaterthanequal_constantsIlEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIl30custom_lessthanequal_constantsIlEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIl20custom_and_constantsIlEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIl19custom_or_constantsIlEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIl20custom_xor_constantsIlEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIl19custom_constant_addIlEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIl28custom_multiple_constant_addIlEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIl19custom_constant_subIlEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIl28custom_multiple_constant_subIlEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIl24custom_constant_multiplyIlEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIl33custom_multiple_constant_multiplyIlEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIl34custom_multiple_constant_multiply2IlEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIl22custom_constant_divideIlEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIl31custom_multiple_constant_divideIlEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIl32custom_multiple_constant_divide2IlEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIl30custom_multiple_constant_mixedIlEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIl19custom_constant_andIlEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIl28custom_multiple_constant_andIlEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIl18custom_constant_orIlEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIl27custom_multiple_constant_orIlEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIl19custom_constant_xorIlEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIl28custom_multiple_constant_xorIlEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z4fillIPmmEvT_S1_T0_, 18, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIm10custom_twoImEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIm20custom_add_constantsImEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIm20custom_sub_constantsImEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIm25custom_multiply_constantsImEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIm23custom_divide_constantsImEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIm20custom_mod_constantsImEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIm22custom_equal_constantsImEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIm25custom_notequal_constantsImEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIm28custom_greaterthan_constantsImEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIm25custom_lessthan_constantsImEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIm33custom_greaterthanequal_constantsImEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIm30custom_lessthanequal_constantsImEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIm20custom_and_constantsImEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIm19custom_or_constantsImEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIm20custom_xor_constantsImEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIm19custom_constant_addImEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIm28custom_multiple_constant_addImEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIm19custom_constant_subImEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIm28custom_multiple_constant_subImEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIm24custom_constant_multiplyImEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIm33custom_multiple_constant_multiplyImEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIm34custom_multiple_constant_multiply2ImEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIm22custom_constant_divideImEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIm31custom_multiple_constant_divideImEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIm32custom_multiple_constant_divide2ImEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIm30custom_multiple_constant_mixedImEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIm19custom_constant_andImEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIm28custom_multiple_constant_andImEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIm18custom_constant_orImEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIm27custom_multiple_constant_orImEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIm19custom_constant_xorImEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIm28custom_multiple_constant_xorImEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z4fillIPffEvT_S1_T0_, 18, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIf10custom_twoIfEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIf20custom_add_constantsIfEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIf20custom_sub_constantsIfEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIf25custom_multiply_constantsIfEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIf23custom_divide_constantsIfEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIf19custom_constant_addIfEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIf28custom_multiple_constant_addIfEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIf19custom_constant_subIfEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIf28custom_multiple_constant_subIfEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIf24custom_constant_multiplyIfEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIf33custom_multiple_constant_multiplyIfEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIf34custom_multiple_constant_multiply2IfEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIf22custom_constant_divideIfEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIf31custom_multiple_constant_divideIfEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIf32custom_multiple_constant_divide2IfEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantIf30custom_multiple_constant_mixedIfEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z4fillIPddEvT_S1_T0_, 18, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantId10custom_twoIdEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantId20custom_add_constantsIdEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantId20custom_sub_constantsIdEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantId25custom_multiply_constantsIdEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantId23custom_divide_constantsIdEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantId19custom_constant_addIdEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantId28custom_multiple_constant_addIdEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantId19custom_constant_subIdEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantId28custom_multiple_constant_subIdEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantId24custom_constant_multiplyIdEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantId33custom_multiple_constant_multiplyIdEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantId34custom_multiple_constant_multiply2IdEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantId22custom_constant_divideIdEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantId31custom_multiple_constant_divideIdEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantId32custom_multiple_constant_divide2IdEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z13test_constantId30custom_multiple_constant_mixedIdEEvPT_iPKc, 48, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN30custom_multiple_constant_mixedIdE8do_shiftEd, 6, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumId30custom_multiple_constant_mixedIdEEvT_, 13, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z15tolerance_equalIdEbRT_S1_, 29, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN32custom_multiple_constant_divide2IdE8do_shiftEd, 5, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumId32custom_multiple_constant_divide2IdEEvT_, 13, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN31custom_multiple_constant_divideIdE8do_shiftEd, 8, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumId31custom_multiple_constant_divideIdEEvT_, 13, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN22custom_constant_divideIdE8do_shiftEd, 5, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumId22custom_constant_divideIdEEvT_, 13, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN34custom_multiple_constant_multiply2IdE8do_shiftEd, 5, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumId34custom_multiple_constant_multiply2IdEEvT_, 13, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN33custom_multiple_constant_multiplyIdE8do_shiftEd, 8, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumId33custom_multiple_constant_multiplyIdEEvT_, 13, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN24custom_constant_multiplyIdE8do_shiftEd, 5, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumId24custom_constant_multiplyIdEEvT_, 13, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN28custom_multiple_constant_subIdE8do_shiftEd, 8, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumId28custom_multiple_constant_subIdEEvT_, 13, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN19custom_constant_subIdE8do_shiftEd, 5, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumId19custom_constant_subIdEEvT_, 13, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN28custom_multiple_constant_addIdE8do_shiftEd, 8, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumId28custom_multiple_constant_addIdEEvT_, 13, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN19custom_constant_addIdE8do_shiftEd, 5, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumId19custom_constant_addIdEEvT_, 13, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN23custom_divide_constantsIdE8do_shiftEd, 3, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumId23custom_divide_constantsIdEEvT_, 13, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN25custom_multiply_constantsIdE8do_shiftEd, 3, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumId25custom_multiply_constantsIdEEvT_, 13, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN20custom_sub_constantsIdE8do_shiftEd, 3, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumId20custom_sub_constantsIdEEvT_, 13, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN20custom_add_constantsIdE8do_shiftEd, 3, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumId20custom_add_constantsIdEEvT_, 13, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN10custom_twoIdE8do_shiftEd, 3, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumId10custom_twoIdEEvT_, 13, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN30custom_multiple_constant_mixedIfE8do_shiftEf, 6, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIf30custom_multiple_constant_mixedIfEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z15tolerance_equalIfEbRT_S1_, 32, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZSt4fabsf, 5, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN32custom_multiple_constant_divide2IfE8do_shiftEf, 5, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIf32custom_multiple_constant_divide2IfEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN31custom_multiple_constant_divideIfE8do_shiftEf, 8, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIf31custom_multiple_constant_divideIfEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN22custom_constant_divideIfE8do_shiftEf, 5, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIf22custom_constant_divideIfEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN34custom_multiple_constant_multiply2IfE8do_shiftEf, 5, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIf34custom_multiple_constant_multiply2IfEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN33custom_multiple_constant_multiplyIfE8do_shiftEf, 8, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIf33custom_multiple_constant_multiplyIfEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN24custom_constant_multiplyIfE8do_shiftEf, 5, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIf24custom_constant_multiplyIfEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN28custom_multiple_constant_subIfE8do_shiftEf, 8, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIf28custom_multiple_constant_subIfEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN19custom_constant_subIfE8do_shiftEf, 5, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIf19custom_constant_subIfEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN28custom_multiple_constant_addIfE8do_shiftEf, 8, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIf28custom_multiple_constant_addIfEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN19custom_constant_addIfE8do_shiftEf, 5, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIf19custom_constant_addIfEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN23custom_divide_constantsIfE8do_shiftEf, 3, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIf23custom_divide_constantsIfEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN25custom_multiply_constantsIfE8do_shiftEf, 3, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIf25custom_multiply_constantsIfEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN20custom_sub_constantsIfE8do_shiftEf, 3, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIf20custom_sub_constantsIfEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN20custom_add_constantsIfE8do_shiftEf, 3, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIf20custom_add_constantsIfEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN10custom_twoIfE8do_shiftEf, 3, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIf10custom_twoIfEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN28custom_multiple_constant_xorImE8do_shiftEm, 8, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIm28custom_multiple_constant_xorImEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z15tolerance_equalImEbRT_S1_, 10, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN19custom_constant_xorImE8do_shiftEm, 5, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIm19custom_constant_xorImEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN27custom_multiple_constant_orImE8do_shiftEm, 8, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIm27custom_multiple_constant_orImEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN18custom_constant_orImE8do_shiftEm, 5, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIm18custom_constant_orImEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN28custom_multiple_constant_andImE8do_shiftEm, 8, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIm28custom_multiple_constant_andImEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN19custom_constant_andImE8do_shiftEm, 5, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIm19custom_constant_andImEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN30custom_multiple_constant_mixedImE8do_shiftEm, 6, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIm30custom_multiple_constant_mixedImEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN32custom_multiple_constant_divide2ImE8do_shiftEm, 5, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIm32custom_multiple_constant_divide2ImEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN31custom_multiple_constant_divideImE8do_shiftEm, 8, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIm31custom_multiple_constant_divideImEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN22custom_constant_divideImE8do_shiftEm, 5, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIm22custom_constant_divideImEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN34custom_multiple_constant_multiply2ImE8do_shiftEm, 5, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIm34custom_multiple_constant_multiply2ImEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN33custom_multiple_constant_multiplyImE8do_shiftEm, 8, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIm33custom_multiple_constant_multiplyImEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN24custom_constant_multiplyImE8do_shiftEm, 5, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIm24custom_constant_multiplyImEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN28custom_multiple_constant_subImE8do_shiftEm, 8, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIm28custom_multiple_constant_subImEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN19custom_constant_subImE8do_shiftEm, 5, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIm19custom_constant_subImEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN28custom_multiple_constant_addImE8do_shiftEm, 8, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIm28custom_multiple_constant_addImEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN19custom_constant_addImE8do_shiftEm, 5, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIm19custom_constant_addImEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN20custom_xor_constantsImE8do_shiftEm, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIm20custom_xor_constantsImEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN19custom_or_constantsImE8do_shiftEm, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIm19custom_or_constantsImEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN20custom_and_constantsImE8do_shiftEm, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIm20custom_and_constantsImEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN30custom_lessthanequal_constantsImE8do_shiftEm, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIm30custom_lessthanequal_constantsImEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN33custom_greaterthanequal_constantsImE8do_shiftEm, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIm33custom_greaterthanequal_constantsImEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN25custom_lessthan_constantsImE8do_shiftEm, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIm25custom_lessthan_constantsImEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN28custom_greaterthan_constantsImE8do_shiftEm, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIm28custom_greaterthan_constantsImEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN25custom_notequal_constantsImE8do_shiftEm, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIm25custom_notequal_constantsImEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN22custom_equal_constantsImE8do_shiftEm, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIm22custom_equal_constantsImEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN20custom_mod_constantsImE8do_shiftEm, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIm20custom_mod_constantsImEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN23custom_divide_constantsImE8do_shiftEm, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIm23custom_divide_constantsImEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN25custom_multiply_constantsImE8do_shiftEm, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIm25custom_multiply_constantsImEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN20custom_sub_constantsImE8do_shiftEm, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIm20custom_sub_constantsImEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN20custom_add_constantsImE8do_shiftEm, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIm20custom_add_constantsImEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN10custom_twoImE8do_shiftEm, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIm10custom_twoImEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN28custom_multiple_constant_xorIlE8do_shiftEl, 8, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIl28custom_multiple_constant_xorIlEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z15tolerance_equalIlEbRT_S1_, 10, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN19custom_constant_xorIlE8do_shiftEl, 5, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIl19custom_constant_xorIlEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN27custom_multiple_constant_orIlE8do_shiftEl, 8, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIl27custom_multiple_constant_orIlEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN18custom_constant_orIlE8do_shiftEl, 5, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIl18custom_constant_orIlEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN28custom_multiple_constant_andIlE8do_shiftEl, 8, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIl28custom_multiple_constant_andIlEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN19custom_constant_andIlE8do_shiftEl, 5, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIl19custom_constant_andIlEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN30custom_multiple_constant_mixedIlE8do_shiftEl, 6, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIl30custom_multiple_constant_mixedIlEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN32custom_multiple_constant_divide2IlE8do_shiftEl, 5, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIl32custom_multiple_constant_divide2IlEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN31custom_multiple_constant_divideIlE8do_shiftEl, 8, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIl31custom_multiple_constant_divideIlEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN22custom_constant_divideIlE8do_shiftEl, 5, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIl22custom_constant_divideIlEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN34custom_multiple_constant_multiply2IlE8do_shiftEl, 5, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIl34custom_multiple_constant_multiply2IlEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN33custom_multiple_constant_multiplyIlE8do_shiftEl, 8, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIl33custom_multiple_constant_multiplyIlEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN24custom_constant_multiplyIlE8do_shiftEl, 5, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIl24custom_constant_multiplyIlEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN28custom_multiple_constant_subIlE8do_shiftEl, 8, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIl28custom_multiple_constant_subIlEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN19custom_constant_subIlE8do_shiftEl, 5, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIl19custom_constant_subIlEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN28custom_multiple_constant_addIlE8do_shiftEl, 8, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIl28custom_multiple_constant_addIlEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN19custom_constant_addIlE8do_shiftEl, 5, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIl19custom_constant_addIlEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN20custom_xor_constantsIlE8do_shiftEl, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIl20custom_xor_constantsIlEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN19custom_or_constantsIlE8do_shiftEl, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIl19custom_or_constantsIlEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN20custom_and_constantsIlE8do_shiftEl, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIl20custom_and_constantsIlEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN30custom_lessthanequal_constantsIlE8do_shiftEl, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIl30custom_lessthanequal_constantsIlEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN33custom_greaterthanequal_constantsIlE8do_shiftEl, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIl33custom_greaterthanequal_constantsIlEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN25custom_lessthan_constantsIlE8do_shiftEl, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIl25custom_lessthan_constantsIlEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN28custom_greaterthan_constantsIlE8do_shiftEl, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIl28custom_greaterthan_constantsIlEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN25custom_notequal_constantsIlE8do_shiftEl, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIl25custom_notequal_constantsIlEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN22custom_equal_constantsIlE8do_shiftEl, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIl22custom_equal_constantsIlEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN20custom_mod_constantsIlE8do_shiftEl, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIl20custom_mod_constantsIlEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN23custom_divide_constantsIlE8do_shiftEl, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIl23custom_divide_constantsIlEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN25custom_multiply_constantsIlE8do_shiftEl, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIl25custom_multiply_constantsIlEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN20custom_sub_constantsIlE8do_shiftEl, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIl20custom_sub_constantsIlEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN20custom_add_constantsIlE8do_shiftEl, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIl20custom_add_constantsIlEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN10custom_twoIlE8do_shiftEl, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIl10custom_twoIlEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN28custom_multiple_constant_xorIjE8do_shiftEj, 8, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIj28custom_multiple_constant_xorIjEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z15tolerance_equalIjEbRT_S1_, 10, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN19custom_constant_xorIjE8do_shiftEj, 5, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIj19custom_constant_xorIjEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN27custom_multiple_constant_orIjE8do_shiftEj, 8, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIj27custom_multiple_constant_orIjEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN18custom_constant_orIjE8do_shiftEj, 5, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIj18custom_constant_orIjEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN28custom_multiple_constant_andIjE8do_shiftEj, 8, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIj28custom_multiple_constant_andIjEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN19custom_constant_andIjE8do_shiftEj, 5, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIj19custom_constant_andIjEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN30custom_multiple_constant_mixedIjE8do_shiftEj, 6, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIj30custom_multiple_constant_mixedIjEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN32custom_multiple_constant_divide2IjE8do_shiftEj, 5, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIj32custom_multiple_constant_divide2IjEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN31custom_multiple_constant_divideIjE8do_shiftEj, 8, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIj31custom_multiple_constant_divideIjEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN22custom_constant_divideIjE8do_shiftEj, 5, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIj22custom_constant_divideIjEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN34custom_multiple_constant_multiply2IjE8do_shiftEj, 5, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIj34custom_multiple_constant_multiply2IjEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN33custom_multiple_constant_multiplyIjE8do_shiftEj, 8, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIj33custom_multiple_constant_multiplyIjEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN24custom_constant_multiplyIjE8do_shiftEj, 5, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIj24custom_constant_multiplyIjEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN28custom_multiple_constant_subIjE8do_shiftEj, 8, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIj28custom_multiple_constant_subIjEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN19custom_constant_subIjE8do_shiftEj, 5, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIj19custom_constant_subIjEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN28custom_multiple_constant_addIjE8do_shiftEj, 8, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIj28custom_multiple_constant_addIjEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN19custom_constant_addIjE8do_shiftEj, 5, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIj19custom_constant_addIjEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN20custom_xor_constantsIjE8do_shiftEj, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIj20custom_xor_constantsIjEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN19custom_or_constantsIjE8do_shiftEj, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIj19custom_or_constantsIjEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN20custom_and_constantsIjE8do_shiftEj, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIj20custom_and_constantsIjEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN30custom_lessthanequal_constantsIjE8do_shiftEj, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIj30custom_lessthanequal_constantsIjEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN33custom_greaterthanequal_constantsIjE8do_shiftEj, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIj33custom_greaterthanequal_constantsIjEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN25custom_lessthan_constantsIjE8do_shiftEj, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIj25custom_lessthan_constantsIjEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN28custom_greaterthan_constantsIjE8do_shiftEj, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIj28custom_greaterthan_constantsIjEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN25custom_notequal_constantsIjE8do_shiftEj, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIj25custom_notequal_constantsIjEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN22custom_equal_constantsIjE8do_shiftEj, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIj22custom_equal_constantsIjEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN20custom_mod_constantsIjE8do_shiftEj, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIj20custom_mod_constantsIjEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN23custom_divide_constantsIjE8do_shiftEj, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIj23custom_divide_constantsIjEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN25custom_multiply_constantsIjE8do_shiftEj, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIj25custom_multiply_constantsIjEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN20custom_sub_constantsIjE8do_shiftEj, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIj20custom_sub_constantsIjEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN20custom_add_constantsIjE8do_shiftEj, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIj20custom_add_constantsIjEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN10custom_twoIjE8do_shiftEj, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIj10custom_twoIjEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN28custom_multiple_constant_xorIiE8do_shiftEi, 8, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIi28custom_multiple_constant_xorIiEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z15tolerance_equalIiEbRT_S1_, 10, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN19custom_constant_xorIiE8do_shiftEi, 5, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIi19custom_constant_xorIiEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN27custom_multiple_constant_orIiE8do_shiftEi, 8, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIi27custom_multiple_constant_orIiEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN18custom_constant_orIiE8do_shiftEi, 5, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIi18custom_constant_orIiEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN28custom_multiple_constant_andIiE8do_shiftEi, 8, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIi28custom_multiple_constant_andIiEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN19custom_constant_andIiE8do_shiftEi, 5, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIi19custom_constant_andIiEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN30custom_multiple_constant_mixedIiE8do_shiftEi, 6, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIi30custom_multiple_constant_mixedIiEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN32custom_multiple_constant_divide2IiE8do_shiftEi, 5, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIi32custom_multiple_constant_divide2IiEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN31custom_multiple_constant_divideIiE8do_shiftEi, 8, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIi31custom_multiple_constant_divideIiEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN22custom_constant_divideIiE8do_shiftEi, 5, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIi22custom_constant_divideIiEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN34custom_multiple_constant_multiply2IiE8do_shiftEi, 5, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIi34custom_multiple_constant_multiply2IiEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN33custom_multiple_constant_multiplyIiE8do_shiftEi, 8, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIi33custom_multiple_constant_multiplyIiEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN24custom_constant_multiplyIiE8do_shiftEi, 5, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIi24custom_constant_multiplyIiEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN28custom_multiple_constant_subIiE8do_shiftEi, 8, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIi28custom_multiple_constant_subIiEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN19custom_constant_subIiE8do_shiftEi, 5, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIi19custom_constant_subIiEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN28custom_multiple_constant_addIiE8do_shiftEi, 8, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIi28custom_multiple_constant_addIiEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN19custom_constant_addIiE8do_shiftEi, 5, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIi19custom_constant_addIiEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN20custom_xor_constantsIiE8do_shiftEi, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIi20custom_xor_constantsIiEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN19custom_or_constantsIiE8do_shiftEi, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIi19custom_or_constantsIiEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN20custom_and_constantsIiE8do_shiftEi, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIi20custom_and_constantsIiEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN30custom_lessthanequal_constantsIiE8do_shiftEi, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIi30custom_lessthanequal_constantsIiEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN33custom_greaterthanequal_constantsIiE8do_shiftEi, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIi33custom_greaterthanequal_constantsIiEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN25custom_lessthan_constantsIiE8do_shiftEi, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIi25custom_lessthan_constantsIiEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN28custom_greaterthan_constantsIiE8do_shiftEi, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIi28custom_greaterthan_constantsIiEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN25custom_notequal_constantsIiE8do_shiftEi, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIi25custom_notequal_constantsIiEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN22custom_equal_constantsIiE8do_shiftEi, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIi22custom_equal_constantsIiEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN20custom_mod_constantsIiE8do_shiftEi, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIi20custom_mod_constantsIiEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN23custom_divide_constantsIiE8do_shiftEi, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIi23custom_divide_constantsIiEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN25custom_multiply_constantsIiE8do_shiftEi, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIi25custom_multiply_constantsIiEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN20custom_sub_constantsIiE8do_shiftEi, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIi20custom_sub_constantsIiEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN20custom_add_constantsIiE8do_shiftEi, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIi20custom_add_constantsIiEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN10custom_twoIiE8do_shiftEi, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIi10custom_twoIiEEvT_, 14, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN28custom_multiple_constant_xorItE8do_shiftEt, 10, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIt28custom_multiple_constant_xorItEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z15tolerance_equalItEbRT_S1_, 20, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN19custom_constant_xorItE8do_shiftEt, 7, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIt19custom_constant_xorItEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN27custom_multiple_constant_orItE8do_shiftEt, 10, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIt27custom_multiple_constant_orItEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN18custom_constant_orItE8do_shiftEt, 7, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIt18custom_constant_orItEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN28custom_multiple_constant_andItE8do_shiftEt, 10, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIt28custom_multiple_constant_andItEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN19custom_constant_andItE8do_shiftEt, 7, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIt19custom_constant_andItEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN30custom_multiple_constant_mixedItE8do_shiftEt, 8, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIt30custom_multiple_constant_mixedItEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN32custom_multiple_constant_divide2ItE8do_shiftEt, 7, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIt32custom_multiple_constant_divide2ItEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN31custom_multiple_constant_divideItE8do_shiftEt, 10, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIt31custom_multiple_constant_divideItEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN22custom_constant_divideItE8do_shiftEt, 7, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIt22custom_constant_divideItEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN34custom_multiple_constant_multiply2ItE8do_shiftEt, 7, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIt34custom_multiple_constant_multiply2ItEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN33custom_multiple_constant_multiplyItE8do_shiftEt, 10, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIt33custom_multiple_constant_multiplyItEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN24custom_constant_multiplyItE8do_shiftEt, 7, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIt24custom_constant_multiplyItEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN28custom_multiple_constant_subItE8do_shiftEt, 10, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIt28custom_multiple_constant_subItEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN19custom_constant_subItE8do_shiftEt, 7, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIt19custom_constant_subItEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN28custom_multiple_constant_addItE8do_shiftEt, 10, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIt28custom_multiple_constant_addItEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN19custom_constant_addItE8do_shiftEt, 7, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIt19custom_constant_addItEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN20custom_xor_constantsItE8do_shiftEt, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIt20custom_xor_constantsItEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN19custom_or_constantsItE8do_shiftEt, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIt19custom_or_constantsItEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN20custom_and_constantsItE8do_shiftEt, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIt20custom_and_constantsItEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN30custom_lessthanequal_constantsItE8do_shiftEt, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIt30custom_lessthanequal_constantsItEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN33custom_greaterthanequal_constantsItE8do_shiftEt, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIt33custom_greaterthanequal_constantsItEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN25custom_lessthan_constantsItE8do_shiftEt, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIt25custom_lessthan_constantsItEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN28custom_greaterthan_constantsItE8do_shiftEt, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIt28custom_greaterthan_constantsItEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN25custom_notequal_constantsItE8do_shiftEt, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIt25custom_notequal_constantsItEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN22custom_equal_constantsItE8do_shiftEt, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIt22custom_equal_constantsItEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN20custom_mod_constantsItE8do_shiftEt, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIt20custom_mod_constantsItEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN23custom_divide_constantsItE8do_shiftEt, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIt23custom_divide_constantsItEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN25custom_multiply_constantsItE8do_shiftEt, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIt25custom_multiply_constantsItEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN20custom_sub_constantsItE8do_shiftEt, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIt20custom_sub_constantsItEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN20custom_add_constantsItE8do_shiftEt, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIt20custom_add_constantsItEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN10custom_twoItE8do_shiftEt, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIt10custom_twoItEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN28custom_multiple_constant_xorIsE8do_shiftEs, 10, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIs28custom_multiple_constant_xorIsEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z15tolerance_equalIsEbRT_S1_, 20, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN19custom_constant_xorIsE8do_shiftEs, 7, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIs19custom_constant_xorIsEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN27custom_multiple_constant_orIsE8do_shiftEs, 10, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIs27custom_multiple_constant_orIsEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN18custom_constant_orIsE8do_shiftEs, 7, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIs18custom_constant_orIsEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN28custom_multiple_constant_andIsE8do_shiftEs, 10, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIs28custom_multiple_constant_andIsEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN19custom_constant_andIsE8do_shiftEs, 7, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIs19custom_constant_andIsEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN30custom_multiple_constant_mixedIsE8do_shiftEs, 8, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIs30custom_multiple_constant_mixedIsEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN32custom_multiple_constant_divide2IsE8do_shiftEs, 7, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIs32custom_multiple_constant_divide2IsEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN31custom_multiple_constant_divideIsE8do_shiftEs, 10, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIs31custom_multiple_constant_divideIsEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN22custom_constant_divideIsE8do_shiftEs, 7, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIs22custom_constant_divideIsEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN34custom_multiple_constant_multiply2IsE8do_shiftEs, 7, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIs34custom_multiple_constant_multiply2IsEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN33custom_multiple_constant_multiplyIsE8do_shiftEs, 10, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIs33custom_multiple_constant_multiplyIsEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN24custom_constant_multiplyIsE8do_shiftEs, 7, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIs24custom_constant_multiplyIsEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN28custom_multiple_constant_subIsE8do_shiftEs, 10, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIs28custom_multiple_constant_subIsEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN19custom_constant_subIsE8do_shiftEs, 7, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIs19custom_constant_subIsEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN28custom_multiple_constant_addIsE8do_shiftEs, 10, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIs28custom_multiple_constant_addIsEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN19custom_constant_addIsE8do_shiftEs, 7, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIs19custom_constant_addIsEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN20custom_xor_constantsIsE8do_shiftEs, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIs20custom_xor_constantsIsEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN19custom_or_constantsIsE8do_shiftEs, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIs19custom_or_constantsIsEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN20custom_and_constantsIsE8do_shiftEs, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIs20custom_and_constantsIsEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN30custom_lessthanequal_constantsIsE8do_shiftEs, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIs30custom_lessthanequal_constantsIsEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN33custom_greaterthanequal_constantsIsE8do_shiftEs, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIs33custom_greaterthanequal_constantsIsEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN25custom_lessthan_constantsIsE8do_shiftEs, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIs25custom_lessthan_constantsIsEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN28custom_greaterthan_constantsIsE8do_shiftEs, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIs28custom_greaterthan_constantsIsEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN25custom_notequal_constantsIsE8do_shiftEs, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIs25custom_notequal_constantsIsEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN22custom_equal_constantsIsE8do_shiftEs, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIs22custom_equal_constantsIsEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN20custom_mod_constantsIsE8do_shiftEs, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIs20custom_mod_constantsIsEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN23custom_divide_constantsIsE8do_shiftEs, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIs23custom_divide_constantsIsEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN25custom_multiply_constantsIsE8do_shiftEs, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIs25custom_multiply_constantsIsEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN20custom_sub_constantsIsE8do_shiftEs, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIs20custom_sub_constantsIsEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN20custom_add_constantsIsE8do_shiftEs, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIs20custom_add_constantsIsEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN10custom_twoIsE8do_shiftEs, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIs10custom_twoIsEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN28custom_multiple_constant_xorIhE8do_shiftEh, 10, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIh28custom_multiple_constant_xorIhEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z15tolerance_equalIhEbRT_S1_, 20, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN19custom_constant_xorIhE8do_shiftEh, 7, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIh19custom_constant_xorIhEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN27custom_multiple_constant_orIhE8do_shiftEh, 10, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIh27custom_multiple_constant_orIhEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN18custom_constant_orIhE8do_shiftEh, 7, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIh18custom_constant_orIhEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN28custom_multiple_constant_andIhE8do_shiftEh, 10, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIh28custom_multiple_constant_andIhEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN19custom_constant_andIhE8do_shiftEh, 7, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIh19custom_constant_andIhEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN30custom_multiple_constant_mixedIhE8do_shiftEh, 8, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIh30custom_multiple_constant_mixedIhEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN32custom_multiple_constant_divide2IhE8do_shiftEh, 7, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIh32custom_multiple_constant_divide2IhEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN31custom_multiple_constant_divideIhE8do_shiftEh, 10, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIh31custom_multiple_constant_divideIhEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN22custom_constant_divideIhE8do_shiftEh, 7, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIh22custom_constant_divideIhEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN34custom_multiple_constant_multiply2IhE8do_shiftEh, 7, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIh34custom_multiple_constant_multiply2IhEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN33custom_multiple_constant_multiplyIhE8do_shiftEh, 10, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIh33custom_multiple_constant_multiplyIhEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN24custom_constant_multiplyIhE8do_shiftEh, 7, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIh24custom_constant_multiplyIhEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN28custom_multiple_constant_subIhE8do_shiftEh, 10, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIh28custom_multiple_constant_subIhEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN19custom_constant_subIhE8do_shiftEh, 7, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIh19custom_constant_subIhEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN28custom_multiple_constant_addIhE8do_shiftEh, 10, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIh28custom_multiple_constant_addIhEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN19custom_constant_addIhE8do_shiftEh, 7, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIh19custom_constant_addIhEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN20custom_xor_constantsIhE8do_shiftEh, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIh20custom_xor_constantsIhEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN19custom_or_constantsIhE8do_shiftEh, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIh19custom_or_constantsIhEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN20custom_and_constantsIhE8do_shiftEh, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIh20custom_and_constantsIhEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN30custom_lessthanequal_constantsIhE8do_shiftEh, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIh30custom_lessthanequal_constantsIhEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN33custom_greaterthanequal_constantsIhE8do_shiftEh, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIh33custom_greaterthanequal_constantsIhEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN25custom_lessthan_constantsIhE8do_shiftEh, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIh25custom_lessthan_constantsIhEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN28custom_greaterthan_constantsIhE8do_shiftEh, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIh28custom_greaterthan_constantsIhEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN25custom_notequal_constantsIhE8do_shiftEh, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIh25custom_notequal_constantsIhEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN22custom_equal_constantsIhE8do_shiftEh, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIh22custom_equal_constantsIhEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN20custom_mod_constantsIhE8do_shiftEh, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIh20custom_mod_constantsIhEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN23custom_divide_constantsIhE8do_shiftEh, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIh23custom_divide_constantsIhEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN25custom_multiply_constantsIhE8do_shiftEh, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIh25custom_multiply_constantsIhEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN20custom_sub_constantsIhE8do_shiftEh, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIh20custom_sub_constantsIhEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN20custom_add_constantsIhE8do_shiftEh, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIh20custom_add_constantsIhEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN10custom_twoIhE8do_shiftEh, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIh10custom_twoIhEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN28custom_multiple_constant_xorIaE8do_shiftEa, 10, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIa28custom_multiple_constant_xorIaEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z15tolerance_equalIaEbRT_S1_, 20, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN19custom_constant_xorIaE8do_shiftEa, 7, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIa19custom_constant_xorIaEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN27custom_multiple_constant_orIaE8do_shiftEa, 10, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIa27custom_multiple_constant_orIaEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN18custom_constant_orIaE8do_shiftEa, 7, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIa18custom_constant_orIaEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN28custom_multiple_constant_andIaE8do_shiftEa, 10, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIa28custom_multiple_constant_andIaEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN19custom_constant_andIaE8do_shiftEa, 7, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIa19custom_constant_andIaEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN30custom_multiple_constant_mixedIaE8do_shiftEa, 8, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIa30custom_multiple_constant_mixedIaEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN32custom_multiple_constant_divide2IaE8do_shiftEa, 7, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIa32custom_multiple_constant_divide2IaEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN31custom_multiple_constant_divideIaE8do_shiftEa, 10, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIa31custom_multiple_constant_divideIaEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN22custom_constant_divideIaE8do_shiftEa, 7, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIa22custom_constant_divideIaEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN34custom_multiple_constant_multiply2IaE8do_shiftEa, 7, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIa34custom_multiple_constant_multiply2IaEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN33custom_multiple_constant_multiplyIaE8do_shiftEa, 10, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIa33custom_multiple_constant_multiplyIaEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN24custom_constant_multiplyIaE8do_shiftEa, 7, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIa24custom_constant_multiplyIaEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN28custom_multiple_constant_subIaE8do_shiftEa, 10, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIa28custom_multiple_constant_subIaEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN19custom_constant_subIaE8do_shiftEa, 7, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIa19custom_constant_subIaEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN28custom_multiple_constant_addIaE8do_shiftEa, 10, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIa28custom_multiple_constant_addIaEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN19custom_constant_addIaE8do_shiftEa, 7, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIa19custom_constant_addIaEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN20custom_xor_constantsIaE8do_shiftEa, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIa20custom_xor_constantsIaEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN19custom_or_constantsIaE8do_shiftEa, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIa19custom_or_constantsIaEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN20custom_and_constantsIaE8do_shiftEa, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIa20custom_and_constantsIaEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN30custom_lessthanequal_constantsIaE8do_shiftEa, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIa30custom_lessthanequal_constantsIaEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN33custom_greaterthanequal_constantsIaE8do_shiftEa, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIa33custom_greaterthanequal_constantsIaEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN25custom_lessthan_constantsIaE8do_shiftEa, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIa25custom_lessthan_constantsIaEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN28custom_greaterthan_constantsIaE8do_shiftEa, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIa28custom_greaterthan_constantsIaEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN25custom_notequal_constantsIaE8do_shiftEa, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIa25custom_notequal_constantsIaEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN22custom_equal_constantsIaE8do_shiftEa, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIa22custom_equal_constantsIaEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN20custom_mod_constantsIaE8do_shiftEa, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIa20custom_mod_constantsIaEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN23custom_divide_constantsIaE8do_shiftEa, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIa23custom_divide_constantsIaEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN25custom_multiply_constantsIaE8do_shiftEa, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIa25custom_multiply_constantsIaEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN20custom_sub_constantsIaE8do_shiftEa, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIa20custom_sub_constantsIaEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN20custom_add_constantsIaE8do_shiftEa, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIa20custom_add_constantsIaEEvT_, 16, True, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_ZN10custom_twoIaE8do_shiftEa, 3, False, False
simple_types_constant_folding/_Z17check_shifted_sumIa10custom_twoIaEEvT_, 16, True, False
